# cookie clicker fortunes
```
created  2022/05/29
category info
```

in cookie clicker[1], there is a heavenly upgrade called "Fortune cookies". once unlocked, they will make random fortunes appear in the new ticker which, when clicked, unlock a special upgrade. fortunes 1 through 18 are each related to a building, providing a 7% boost in production and a 7% reduction in price. i find some of these fortune messages pretty interesting, my favorites are listed here;

> The seeds of tomorrow already lie within the seeds of today.
fortune #003 (farms)

> True worth is not in what you find, but in what you make.
fortune #005 (factories)

> The value of money means nothing to a pocket.
fortune #006 (banks)

> Not all guides deserve worship.
fortune #007 (temples)

> Every mile travelled expands the mind by just as much.
fortune #009 (shipments)

> Don't get used to yourself. You're gonna have to change.
fortune #010 (alchemy labs)

> Do your future self a favor; they'll thank you for it.
fortune #012 (time machines)

> The world is made of what we put into it.
fortune #013 (antimatter condensers)

> Staring at a dazzling light can blind you back to darkness.
fortune #014 (prisms)

> Don't leave to blind chance what you could accomplish with deaf skill.
fortune #015 (chancemakers)

> It's good to see yourself in others. Remember to see yourself in yourself, too.
fortune #016 (fractal engines)

> If things aren't working out for you, rewrite the rules.
fortune #017 (javascript consoles)

> There's plenty of everyone, but only one of you.
fortune #018 (idleverses)

> True wealth is counted in gifts.
fortune #100
upgrades and buildings cost -1%, you gain +1% cookies per second

> Don't believe the superstitions; all cats are good luck.
fortune #103
you gain more cookies per second the more milk you have

## cites
=> https://cookieclicker.fandom.com/wiki/Cookie_Clicker_Wiki 1. cookie clicker wiki
